Add new sensors to V2C (#32668)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/v2c.markdown

- charge_power: Current power charging your vehicle.
- charge_energy: Energy transferred to your car during the current charging session.
- charge_time: Time spent in the current charging session.

> - slave_error: Information from the EVSE on errors associated with the dynamic power control mode. Can be ignored when this mode is not used.

Reviewer: looking at https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/118714, would this be *meter_error* now?

Reviewer 2: Correct 👍

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- meter_error: Information from the EVSE on errors associated with the dynamic power control mode. It can be ignored when this mode is not used.
```
